heroes it's an old-fashioned notion some
visionary from genius ensuring freedom
around the globe a symbol to the nation
a hero to the world the beautiful
finding out across the stars
I look around the bus you know I see a
bunch of a-holes possibility
you think you know how the world works
the world
is changing
we need heroes
our very strength
[Music]
invites challenge
challenge
the site's culture
culture
Brie's catastrophe
the thing isn't beautiful because it
lasts
[Music]
we're in the anger
before we're done
[Music]
we still have one promise to keep
if you can't protect the Earth you can
be damn sure we'll avenge it
whatever it takes
[Music]
[Applause]
Jeff parish our chauffeur - Ian will
authors you jo-jo Dahlia capacitor
anthem Yamaha will course
but Mimi J George India the young
from one tray attack neo me oppa washing
Jung Hyung sorry
- Pasha Pasha what precautions are the
intima
you usually enter
AHA bushes
sucker
[Music]
my name is Mary Katherine Blackwood the
black woods have always lived on his
house and we will never leave here no
matter what they say or what they do to
us
never
[Music]
father built this gate to keep us safe
but it could not protect him
people here believe Constance killed
father one of the true genuine mysteries
of our time there is such a thing as
good taste have you ever tasted us what
are you doing
I heard father in his room I feel him
coming back America it's our cousin
Charles black hood he looks just like
father has he said anything about
leaving he's our cousin and he'll go in
he's ready his presence is a strange new
spell we have many plans today that
chair is my dead brother's chair going
to put death and all their food and
watch them die
he was a very wicked man our Father
the world is full of terrible people
[Music]
ladies and gentlemen of NASA this is
Charles Xavier help is on the way we're
doing space missions now cool
we get the astronauts we bring them home
go heat signatures rising fast we gotta
get out of here where's Jean
where is she
she should be done did you hear what the
kids are calling you
Phoenix
[Music]
hello Jean
are you the better question is who are
you
something's happening to me you would
have this control bad things happen but
it feels good that power destroyed
everything that ever came into contact
until you
the taxman fear you and what they fear
we seek to destroy shockula's ooh
the girl dies
she stood off that she's not Jean
anymore
you threatening me that's right
[Music]
Otto who a minute lahu Academy made a
kid dr. mckubre Linnea treat Wasi a new
new insulin produced at Mill family
capturing a gothic amiss class sexual
high Lama is over New Delhi Panama
Ossetia Pomona touristy certain not
Renato collision will cohosh release but
Mr Hammond and Bruce Arella okay
you reduce Manhattan boredom am i that's
one and totally become
well I'm a cover there
it will be Hazen come on Tony ontology
city my social innovation
of lucidity
[Music]
let's make up packets that we will never
be like any of them down there instead
we're gonna be me
[Music]
we're yard last night I was out with
some friends
which friend named me weakened I said
that when you started watching me till
the Morning Sun arises wait with me just
wait with me too
is it wrong for me to show you how I
feel when I know it's not I want my me
till the Morning Sun arises wait with me
just wait with me too
[Music]
Andy I know his move has been really
tough but this was supposed to be a new
start for us remember you said you were
gonna try to make you focus buddy can
connect to and control all of your
castle and products and smart home
devices introducing your new best friend
[Music]
I need you to read me
I think Chucky did something
[Music]
and if you know something you better
tell me
something's wrong with chalky
buddy can connect you and control Oliver
Chucky is a toy it could be anywhere
canceling cars
[Music]
we have to stop him
guys like this only after Yoshi died
young life in prison or we start talking
so laughs kick what I want my kids to be
around us
[Music]
should look at that yeah we don't
tolerate stupidity got that yeah when
the ear Kratz on them why you got one
year ago that was your first about Fred
gave to me need to be ioin I think row
family don't make yo man wanna
listen
talk to me - you know what about you
they go like it you're better than those
races I don't know what to do
in this business you've got to stay
focused or fall right down the rabbit
hole what if I take all this stuff off
and I'm still a piece of
you have involve Brian you don't answer
your phone don't show up in meetings
anymore I don't even know if you
remember I don't know what they're gonna
do you need to get the kids to get out
of here
it's time for you to come back home now
you have no choice this is my
you're still breathing because I own
never inches ink on you
is it true desi said to Aaron evil man
follow your dreams or the Chaffee
forever forever need to be somewhere
where the people appreciate sensitivity
[Music]
so what's your deal when a person's have
sex when they have it just retire
CompTIA's every once
she's the next Valentini you ready next
we are away yes you're talented she's
the best the best the best designer in
all of LA Show of jazz BAM
what is this does someone want their
allowance
[Music]
Guyana Lexus but you're a lesbian who
told you that
there's still them I like girls I'm here
I'm gay you're still you
that's great but I'm not then what are
you door all right then no that's my
dork big another door was wrong with you
you know what you were right this is
your dog what's the matter you got a lot
of bad guys by mental
[Music]
[Applause]
access granted access denied access
denied access denied Luke Hobbs and
Turkish or we've got unfinished business
sure sister took something from me a
virus could wipe out half the population
and I want it back
you want to tell me just what we're
dealing with here it's my sister family
business when it's the fate of the world
it becomes my business he's old thing
sounds really dodgy look off new system
listen I'll handle the only way we
survive this working together like a
team let's do this buckle up that way
you have no idea how long I've been
waiting to do that
the music's already started
let's see if we can get it sick so you
guys are being hunted by an army of
mercenaries led by a genetically
enhanced soldier look at me
I'm Brock Superman you're crazy
yeah he really is black Superman you
need to get off the grid Wow oh my
babies come home I'm sorry to bring
trouble here mama
but I need my brothers this family is
going to war we're gonna need cars and
guns
mama where's all our guns
okay read up on very noble mrs. Hobbs
now in serious trouble
yes understatement let's get old-school
come on
but it was
somebody's not having
[Music]